---
feature_text: |
  ## Modeling and shit
  Let's get started.
excerpt: "Almost there."
math: true
---

## Data
You've heard it a hundred times: *We live in an unprecedented era of information.* To give you an idea of how much information is out there the Internet Live Stats [^1] estimates that there are on average 40,000 Google search queries per second, 6,000 tweets tweeted on Twitter per second. No such trends are available for Facebook or Instagram, but I can just about imagine the amount of content being dumped there (yes, all of it available for developers to see). There is so much information out there, and the vast majority of it *unstructured* in the form of text, image, audio, and video.

Big companies are sitting on this mother lode of your personal information which they are hoping to monetize through targeted advertisement. For this they have a dedicated team of engineers who process the data and feed them into statistical models with the hope that the advertisement will be relevant. I don't want to beat around the bush pontificating about how ethical it is that big companies are using your recent search queries on male pattern baldness to sell you Finasteride; no we will leave that for another post. Today I will talk about just what the heck a data scientist is employed to do.

## Regression problems
If you are reading this you probably took a course on Calculus. You remember, of course, the derivative. The slope of the tangent line to the curve, I don't know call it $$(x,f(x))$$ at a specific point $$x_{0}$$. The tangent line is the *best-fit line* to the curve at that point $$x_{0}$$, you know this like you know the mitochondrion is the *powerhouse of the cell*, your calculus teacher drilled it into your head.

## Classification problems

## Unsupervised learning

[^1]: Disclaimer: I have not vetted the website for legitimacy but we will roll with it for now.
